#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile common/requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via django
boto3==1.17.93
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.93
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
coverage==5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
daiquiri==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-nine
    #   djangorestframework
django-computedfields==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nine==0.2.4
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
elasticsearch==6.8.2
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==5.1.0
    # via yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-json-logger==2.0.1
    # via daiquiri
pytz==2021.1
    # via django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   vcrpy
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
retrying==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   vcrpy
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
vcrpy==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via vcrpy
yarl==1.6.3
    # via vcrpy
